Oh, Shishi
Uh, just now, uh, dad went a little too far
Dad really didn't expect
How can you be so capable?
Do you see dad?
The person who was going to settle the relationship
But you?
But don't worry.
I will not miss your money.
But as of today
I never want to see you again.
Sister, don't be angry.
Isn't this also for the Lin family?
We already know your abilities.
The general manager of the Lin family is still yours
Should I say you have a bad memory or a big forgetfulness?
Forget about it so soon
Why are you sorry?
It's not your turn to interrupt about our Lin family
Lin Jiaojiao
My boyfriend also accompanies you to point
If you do this again
I'll be rude to you.
Miss Lin
The number of places for today's investment promotion meeting has been confirmed.
We're taking our leave.
Stop
What else do you want?
Patriarch Fang, I really don't understand
How is he better than me?
Can let you few high-ranking patriarchs do this
Yeah, him.
Well, in that case
I want to tell some family leaders a truth
That is, the dragon does not suppress the local snake
There's nothing here that my Wang family can't get
Hahahaha, since the Wang family is like this
I'll let you know how ridiculous your Wang family is
3 minutes to make the Wang family disappear